feat(cli): sv create --no-dir-check (#785)
sveltejs/cli: .changeset/fifty-books-send.md

---
'sv': patch
---

> feat(cl): add `--no-dir-check` option to `sv add`. With this flag, even if the folder is not empty, no prompt will be shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat(cli): add `--no-dir-check` option to `sv create`. With this flag, even if the folder is not empty, no prompt will be shown
```
